# Background Information

A **Video game** is an electronic game that involves interaction with a user interface or input device, such as a joystick, controller, keyboard, or motion sensing devices, to generate visual feedback on a two- or three-dimensional video display device such as a TV set, monitor, touchscreen, or virtual reality headset. According to the market research firm SuperData, as of May 2015, the global games market was worth US$74.2 billion. By region, **North America** accounted for $23.6 billion, **Asia** for $23.1 billion, **Europe** for $22.1 billion and **South America** for $4.5 billion. **Sales** of different types of games vary widely between countries due to local preferences.


# Video Game Sale - Project Overview

This dataset contains a list of video games with sales greater than 100,000 copies. It was generated by a scrape of vgchartz.com. I am going analyze and Visualize Video game sales in different regions of the World and which publisher or platform perform great in last few decades.
Some of the visualizing techniques I am going to use are boxplot, bar, Pie-Chart, Kde, Scatterplot, lineplot.

<details>
<summary>Drop list of Features</summary>
<br>

- **Rank** - Ranking of overall sales

- **Name** - The games name

- **Platform** - Platform of the games release (i.e. PC,PS4, etc.)

- **Year** - Year of the game's release

- **Genre** - Genre of the game

- **Publisher** - Publisher of the game

- **NA_Sales** - Sales in North America (in millions)

- **EU_Sales** - Sales in Europe (in millions)

- **JP_Sales** - Sales in Japan (in millions)

- **Other_Sales** - Sales in the rest of the world (in millions)

- **Global_Sales** - Total worldwide sales
</details>



# Code and Resources Used
**Python Version** : 3.7

**Packages** : Pandas, Matplotlib, Seaborn, Sklearn, numpy, scipy


